Add typeChecker to project file and language docs (#4186)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/docs/concepts/projects/project-file.md

| `buildTarget` | Only applies to the `go` runtime | Path to save the compiled go binary to. |
| `binary` | applies to the `go`, `dotnet`, and `java` runtimes | Path to a pre-built executable. |
| `virtualenv` | Only applies to the `python` runtime | Virtual environment path. |

> | `typeChecker` | Only applies to the `python` runtime | Type checker library to use. |

Reviewer: Is it `typeChecker` or `typechecker`? The test in https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/pull/15725/files#diff-b5d5cca2844a1618591e5ca532f5b69a1035243c876f46194e2aef2a1dbe6f3fR7 is all lowercase.

Author: Oh good catch, test is right but I had a time where I was deciding between cases so my memory had recalled the camelCase variety

New Python projects created with `pulumi new` have this option set by default. If not specified, Pulumi will invoke the `python3` command it finds on `$PATH` (falling back to `python`) to run the Python program. To use a virtual environment without the `virtualenv` option, run `pulumi` commands (such as `pulumi up`) from an activated virtual environment shell. Or, if using a tool like [Pipenv](https://github.com/pypa/pipenv), prefix `pulumi` commands with `pipenv run pulumi ...`.

#### About `typechecker`

> This option can be set to `mypy` or `pyright` (for other type checkers raise an issue at https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/issues). If set the given type checker will be invoked to check the python code before running the Pulumi program.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This option can be set to `mypy` or `pyright`. (For additional type checkers, file an issue at [https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/issues](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/issues).). If set, the given type checker will be invoked to check the Python code before running the Pulumi program.
```
